I went to TA hours at least twice for this project and additionally posted on Piazza to clarify several things I was having trouble with. Most of the things I had problems with during this project ended up being small fixes, like switching around two variables or adding one more thing to a hashtable, that I could solve quickly once I figured them out or asked the TAs about them, but that took a while to find the root of. 

For the second half of the project, I chose to create a GUI that functions like a very small-scale version of something similar to Google Maps, by allowing the user to create and remove nodes and edges, set string labels for the nodes and numerical distances for the edges, and then get directions for the best route from one node to another. I implemented a few additional things to make my GUI a little nicer and more user-friendly: edges and nodes both have their data displayed next to them, nodes get highlighted when you mouse over them and stay highlighted temporarily when you click on them to get the path from one to another, the shortest route between two points gets highlighted, and text boxes pop up to get input for edge and node data and to give you directions between nodes. 

Some other decisions I made included not allowing duplicate or self edges, and creating new classes for DisplayNodeData (to hold point coordinates) and DijkstraResults (to hold hashsets of both costs and signposts, and to implement a method for creating an ordered list of nodes).

Finally, I implemented file reading and writing. The program can read in a file from the GUI (using a button) and write out the current graph into a file (also with a button). If you try to read in a file while you already have a file open, the program asks if you want to save the current graph and then clears it before opening the new file. There are a couple limitations to this that I didn't have time to fix, such as the fact that you cannot read a file back in properly if you put spaces in the node names. I also had a lot of trouble with getting null pointer exceptions if a dialog box opens and you cancel it without inputting anything - I believe I fixed all of those, but there could very well be one I didn't find. I am including two test files that I am pretty sure do work.
